You decided that you needed to investigate [[The Cloak Wood]] on your way to [[Baldur's Gate]]  where you'd investigate [[The Bibliophile]].

Before setting off you meet [[Skoss Valanaster]] the Great Reader of Prophesy who is leading some avowed monks in chants across the courtyard.

Upon arriving at the [[Friendly Arm]] you talk a guard named [[Malrek]] who saw something near the woods.

A [[Hooded Figure]] in avowed robes waving their hands by a tree and then stepping into it.

You talked to a frightened commoner called [[Teffer]], the one who survived the shadow attack who recalled [[Shelly Mirrorshade]] talking to a [[Hooded Figure]].

You talked to [[Shelly Mirrorshade]] who told you she saw an avowed monk asking after [[Tragorican]]. She could not recall their face, but said they were of medium height and had a grey ring on one finger.

You made your way to the top of the watch tower and talked to a guard their named [[Gregg Rivers]]. He confirmed what [[Malrek]] said and let you use the spyglass to find the tree. He also mentioned the existence of [[Moon Folk]] and organisation who believes that people and cows are being taken to the moon.

Before leaving you send a message to [[Amos Riven]] to inform him of [[Shelly Mirrorshade]] has told you.

Once at the large tree along the tree line you see [[Shadowvar]] writing on the tree saying 'Passage'.

You talked to a near by hare that takes you to similar trees in the woods. Once there you were attacked by a [[Displacer Beast]] and two [[Displacer Beast Cub]]. One cub escaped at the end of the fight.

As you attempted to make camp a satyr named [[Kemos]] took you into a [[Feywild]] clearing for safety.



