You Stayed  the night at the [[Friendly Arm]] in in the morning  learnt that [[Teffer]] left heading north, and [[Gregg Rivers]] left toward [[Baldur's Gate]] for a meeting with [[Moon Folk]] at the [[Blushing Mermaid]]. 

You also talked to [[Shelly Mirrorshade]] and found that her story had changed, she no longer remembered seeing a [[Hooded Figure]] but instead a dwarf in purple robes.

In the morning you spot the [[Warden of the Hamlet]] trying to get on a horse. You also buy a crossbow from the [[Friendly Arm Weaponsmith]].

You arrived at [[The Bibliophile]] but it closed so enter the [[Blushing Mermaid]] nearby.

In the [[Blushing Mermaid]] you met the barkeep called [[Gannet]].

You also joined the table of the [[Moon Folk]] to talk to the tiefling [[Tishva Kindale]], the human [[Naduul Windclaw]], and [[Gregg Rivers]].

[[Naduul Windclaw]] told rumours of a sighting east of [[Beregost]] where a large column of light connected all the way to the moon. She believed it was likely at [[Durlag's Tower]] near the south of [[Sharp Teeth Wood]]


You watched [[The Bibliophile]] overnight and saw strange candlelight coming from inside.

The streets were patrolled by solders of [[The Flaming Fist]].

You investigated and found [[Nansi Gretta]], the owner of the shop, tied up in a cupboard.

You found a loose wooden panel opened into the house next door. Entering the house you eventually found a hatch to the basement.

Under an old statue of [[Chauntea]] you found an [[Acorn of Chauntea]].

Through a trap door you confronted a [[Masked Acolyte]] a follower of [[Shar]] who fled but left an [[Invisibility Potion]], [[Scroll of Disguise Self]], [[Acolyte's Journal]], a book called [[Secrets of Candlekeep]], and one [[Mysterious Carved Stone]]


For you help [[Nansi Gretta]] agreed to give everyone a free book. These included:

- [[The War Between Selûne and Shar]]
- [[The Book of Inner Alchemy]]
- ??
- ??
- ??


