You were invited to join [[Janussi]], Keeper of the Tomes at the [[Exaltation]].

But before you go, one of you goes to find [[Explodemius]] a gnome inventor. When you enter the Forge you found a large dwarf named [[Khe’ril Hammerbind]] working on weapons, and [[Explodemius]] in the corner.

The inventors items included half made shields, boots and a [[Repeating Heavy Crossbow]]. 
[[Explodemius]] requested artificer cogs to complete his inventions.

He instructs you to investigate a potential infiltrator in the [[Great Library]].

As you entered his office you saw the great readers [[Sylvira Savikas]], [[Teles Ahvoste]], [[Kamaria]] there along with Sylvira's imp named [[Pipyap]]. The readers left to allow you to speak with [[Janussi]] In private.

You convince him that it would be wise to hide away for the time being.

You travelled to the dragon spire known as [[Fyrentennimar]]. 

Inside it appeared to be a library relating to dragon lore. There was a kobold name [[Taxx]], and many dragonborn.

You broken into the upstairs office and found a [[Pseudodragon Construct]] that did not seem sentient.

As you left the tower you saw magical weave arch over [[The Observatory]].

As you entered you saw [[Teles Ahvoste]] teaching a class on the weave but he was ambushed by a [[Masked Acolyte]].

The acolyte appeared to summon four [[Shadow Mastiff]].

When the acolyte was subdued [[Teles Ahvoste]] disintegrated her.

In her ashes where the magical items [[Sword of Terror]], and [[Ring of Plane Binding]]


